Each entry in the tool connects two pieces of information: a _variable_ that may influence or respond to enhanced weathering, and a set of _methods_ for generating data on that variable.

We map each combination of _variable_ and _methods_ to one or more phases of the enhanced weathering process which they could inform: rock application, initial weathering, field processes, watershed transport, and ocean storage. We indicate how relevant the _variable_ is for characterizing a given enhanced weathering phase with qualitative tags.

In the table above, you can click to expand several elements to access more detailed information. By clicking the plus sign by a column header, you can read more about the enhanced weathering phases and the relevance mapping described above. By clicking on any entry within the table, you can see additional information on the entry and read our notes and comments. Finally, by clicking on the information icon throughout the tool, you can access definitions and extra context.

Note that this tool does not present an exhaustive catalog of quantitative methods and should not serve as a substitute for a more comprehensive inventory when making MRV implementation decisions. You can download the content in this tool as a [CSV](https://carbonplan.org/research/ew-quantification/quant-methods.csv) or [JSON](https://carbonplan.org/research/ew-quantification/quant-methods.json) file. These files include all the same data as rendered on this website. Read the accompanying [explainer](https://carbonplan.org/research/ew-quantification-explainer) for more details.
